Add page for JuMP-dev 2024 (#112)
jump-dev/jump-dev.github.io: _posts/2023-10-22-jump_dev_2024.md

to JuMP.

Talk submissions are now open, and they will close on January 31, 2024. Accepted
talks will be notified in mid-February, 2024.

**[Submit a talk for JuMP-dev 2024](https://forms.gle/R5WXwGSkYKjYhYVg9)**

We especially seek talks about JuMP applications and providing feedback on the
user-experience of using JuMP in industry and teaching.

Speakers are encouraged to highlight the challenges faced and lessons learned,
not only successes. Talks should be aimed at a general audience, but familiarity
with JuMP/Julia can be assumed.

If you have an idea for a talk and are not sure if it will be of interest, ask
the program committee by writing to `jump-dev-2024@googlegroups.com`.

See the previous workshops for examples of accepted talks:
[2017](/meetings/mit2017),
[2018](/meetings/bordeaux2018),
[2019](/meetings/santiago2019),
[2021](/meetings/juliacon2021),
[2022](/meetings/juliacon2022),
[2023](/meetings/juliacon2023).

## Venue

JuMP-dev will be hosted by [GERAD](https://www.gerad.ca/en), located in the
[GERAD building](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4ZW5TfudZDgue32E6).

## Programme committee

 * Oscar Dowson

>  * David Bernal Neira (Purdue)

Author: @bernalde is this affiliation correct?

---
layout: page
title:  "JuMP-dev 2024"
date:   2023-10-23
categories: [jump-dev]
permalink: /meetings/jumpdev2024/
---

**[Submit a talk for JuMP-dev 2024](https://forms.gle/R5WXwGSkYKjYhYVg9)**

JuMP-dev 2024 will be held 19-21 July, 2024 in Montréal, Canada. This is
immediately prior to [ISMP 2024](https://ismp2024.gerad.ca).

## Outline

The purpose of JuMP-dev is to bring together students, researchers, and
practitioners with interests in the methodological, algorithmic, and software
aspects of [JuMP](https://github.com/jump-dev/JuMP.jl) and related packages. In
particular, we invite new contributors and those who have not met the core
development team.

## How do I attend?

To attend JuMP-dev, you must purchase a ticket. Ticket sales will open in early 2024.
Accepted speakers at JuMP-dev will receive a free ticket.

You do not need a ticket to ISMP to attend JuMP-dev.

> All participants will uphold the [JuliaCon Code of Conduct](https://juliacon.org/2023/coc/).

Reviewer: Not sure we can just refer to the juliacon coc if we're not co-locating with juliacon. This might take some work to figure out. I don't think this needs to be resolved before we accept talk submissions.

Author: I've updated to the JuMP CoC for now. We can discuss later

> All participants will uphold the [JuliaCon Code of Conduct](https://juliacon.org/2023/coc/).

Author: ```suggestion
All participants will uphold the [JuMP Code of Conduct](https://github.com/jump-dev/JuMP.jl/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

## How do I give a talk?

Similarly to previous years, we invite participants to present work related
to JuMP.

Talk submissions are now open, and they will close on January 31, 2024. Accepted
talks will be notified in mid-February, 2024.

**[Submit a talk for JuMP-dev 2024](https://forms.gle/R5WXwGSkYKjYhYVg9)**

We especially seek talks about JuMP applications and providing feedback on the
user-experience of using JuMP in industry and teaching.

Speakers are encouraged to highlight the challenges faced and lessons learned,
not only successes. Talks should be aimed at a general audience, but familiarity
with JuMP/Julia can be assumed.

If you have an idea for a talk and are not sure if it will be of interest, ask
the program committee by writing to `jump-dev-2024@googlegroups.com`.

See the previous workshops for examples of accepted talks:
[2017](/meetings/mit2017),
[2018](/meetings/bordeaux2018),
[2019](/meetings/santiago2019),
[2021](/meetings/juliacon2021),
[2022](/meetings/juliacon2022),
[2023](/meetings/juliacon2023).

## Venue

JuMP-dev will be hosted by [GERAD](https://www.gerad.ca/en), located in the
[GERAD building](https://maps.app.goo.gl/4ZW5TfudZDgue32E6).

> ## Programme committee

Author: ```suggestion
## Program committee
```

 * Oscar Dowson
 * David Bernal Neira (Purdue)
 * Theo Diamandis (MIT)
 * Joaquim Dias Garcia (PSR)
 * James Foster (CSIRO)
 * Benoît Legat (KU Leuven)
 * Miles Lubin (HRT)
 * Alexis Montoison (GERAD; local organization)
 * Dominique Orban (GERAD; local organization)
 * Joshua Pulsipher (UWaterloo)

> To contact the program committee, write to `jump-dev-2024@googlegroups.com`.

Reviewer: Program or programme? Should be consistent.
